APM > .NET > Update wording around maps in config (#15433)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/dotnet-core.md

`DD_TRACE_HEADER_TAGS`
: **TracerSettings property**:`HeaderTags` <br>

> Accepts a comma-separate list of maps of case-insensitive header keys to tag names and automatically applies matching header values as tags on root spans. Also accepts entries without a specified tag name. <br>

Reviewer: Isn't it a comma-separated list of key-value pairs?
```suggestion
Accepts a comma-separated list of key-value pairs of case-insensitive header keys to tag names and automatically applies matching header values as tags on root spans. Also accepts entries without a specified tag name. <br>
```

Author: Yep, makes sense 👍
